1 Kettle

Patrick has been using this kettle since his student days to make his filter coffee every day. After he stopped studying psychology, this kettle moved here with him and is still serving him well.

2 Forklift

A scale model of the forklift Patrick drives in the warehouse at work. He never got his driver's licence, but learned to drive this at work.

3 Coffee cup

A cup with the logo of Woodshop Hanssens where Patrick worked until recently. He started there after his studies and worked in the warehouse. The cup formed part of his welcome package there. He still drinks his filter coffee with it every day.

4 Cooker

The cooker that forms part of the new designer kitchen Martine and Patrick installed in their home, largely at Martine's expense. Patrick bought only the cooker. Martine earned the most of the two of them with her job at accounting firm Debacker.

5 Toilet

The toilet, the central room in the house, a place of rest for Patrick. The property is currently for sale. Today, a ten or so potential buyers are coming to view the house.
A calendar hangs on the wall which is a reminder of Martine and Patrick's honeymoon in Venice.

6 Lasagne

A ready-made meal. Easy to prepare in an oven. Patrick's regular meal since Martine left him. He invariably keeps buying a portion for two and now tries to eat it on his own. Not always successfully.

7 Watering can

Patrick's trusty watering can. An inexpensive model from IKEA. Every time Patrick waters his plant, it is an invitation for him to reflect. As a child, he talked to his father's geraniums, who reprimanded him for this. He would do better to act normal. Nowadays, Patrick conducts all his dialogues with his geraniums internally.

8 Captain's hat

For years, Patrick sailed out on sunny days with his motor yacht on the canal nearby. During the covid pandemic, he took online classes to get his inland navigation licence.
After last winter, Patrick found his motor yacht half-sunken back on the board. He has been looking for another hobby ever since.

9 TV

The television. Patrick's favourite programmes are westerns and other adventure films. At heart, Patrick is an adventurer. When he sets out on his motor yacht, he always imagines himself on a river in a faraway land. One day he wants to travel there, just as his dad crossed the ocean by sailboat when he was his age.

10 Roomba

Apart from Patrick, this vacuum-cleaning robot is the only thing moving in the house. Patrick is allergic to cats and dogs, so this is what comes closest. He has also considered a goldfish, but at least now the house is clean.